♪ Thank you for being a friend ♪
♪ Traveled down the road
And back again ♪
♪ Your heart is true ♪
♪ You're a pal and a confidante ♪
♪ And if you threw a party ♪
♪ Invited everyone you knew ♪
♪ You would see the biggest gift
Would be from me ♪
♪ And the card attached would say ♪
♪ "Thank you for being a friend" ♪
Sophia.
I wish Mr. Fixit would finish
working on that dishwasher.
The dishes are piling up.
Blanche, we could wash them.
Before dishwashers,
people didn't eat
and wipe the dishes
on their pants.
I used to love washing dishes.
In Minnesota, the whole family would
get together and wash dishes.
Even uncle Gustav,
after the swiss army knife accident,
learned to dry dishes
with his feet.
We used to carry on
and have a happy time.
All you people ever had were
happy times?
It's sickening.
Happy times freezing in the cold,
happy times
during the locust invasion,
happy times eating reindeer.
How about death,
was that happy?
Yes. We got together
and remembered other happy times.
She's getting to me.
In Sicily,
we washed dishes in the river.
(doorbell rings)
I hope that's Mr. Fixit.
We used to beat them
against the rocks.
No, you beat the clothes on
the rocks, not the dishes.
No wonder they broke.
Ok, who wants
to go shopping?
Isn't it early for that?
Then we'll go eat.
It's either shopping or eating.
You didn't talk to him.
I couldn't.
George was on call all weekend.
Three heart attacks, two aneurysms,
and a spastic colon.
Sounds like a guy
I play checkers with.
-Hi, Renee.
-Oh, hi, Rose.
Then you'll talk tonight?
-I'll try.
-Oh, Renee.
It's crazy,
but how can I bother him?
He's doing important stuff,
saving lives.
I'll bother him
because I'm unhappy?
Renee, Jenny just left for college.
All your kids are gone.
This is a perfectly
legitimate problem.
It's the empty nest syndrome.
When I had it, I didn't know
what it was. I was just very depressed.
By the time I figured it out, I was
going to tell Charlie, but he died.
I was so full of grief
about Charlie,
I forgot my empty nest depression.
I couldn't wait
for my kids to get out.
I got depressed
watching them grow older
because it meant
I was getting older.
They were like
noisy little calendars.
When they entered high school,
I told everybody
they were my husband's
from a previous marriage.
And you wonder
why they're in therapy.
Maybe I should go into therapy.
At 2, waiting up for George,
I called a radio talk show.
I gave the solution
to the mid-east crisis.
Giving the Palestinians Greenland?
You heard it?
I didn't know that was you.
You were great.
Giving the Palestinians Greenland?
It's a big place.
Nobody uses it.
You'd take desert people
and put them in the snow?
With proper clothes,
they'll be fine.
You want to talk?
Don't call talk shows.
Talk to your husband.
Blanche, at the hospital,
they call him saint George.
I should tell a saint
to work less, I'm lonely?
Don't you think saint Francis
of Assisi's wife
had a similar problem?
She said, "frank, enough donkeys."
Do I ask George
to cut back his practice?
No. I couldn't possibly
go to another doctor.
See?
George is the only man
to ever see me naked.
Get out of here.
Well, except for Charlie, of course.
And the Vet.
The vet?
Our prize hen, Henrietta
had some chicken disease.
I don't exactly know what it was.
Chicken pox?
No, I don't think so.
Anyway, I had an earache,
so he saw us at the same time.
For that, you got naked?
I thought that was strange too.
You know, Dorothy,
I think you're right.
I've got to talk to George.
Good girl!
I'll go home and tell him.
I'll cook breakfast for him.
Waffles, he loves waffles.
Well, I'll tell him at dinner.
Dinner's better. He won't be
rushing. I'll make something great.
-I'll tell him in bed.
-It always works.
I'll tell him when he's asleep.
-Renee, come on!
-I'll sound like a wimp.
I can't tell him.
If I can talk to him
about my stool sample,
you can say you're lonely.
Leonard, help me out here.
Where on your diet
does it say creamed chipped beef
and polish sausage are ok to eat?
Leonard, you're 5'6",
you weigh 300 pounds.
What do you mean
you can carry it?
Bekins couldn't carry it.
Ok, come by the office tomorrow.
We'll talk about it.
-(knock on door)
-Goodbye, Leonard.
-Hi, Chuck.
-I'm a multiple personality.
How do you know
which one I am?
Because Mr. Fixit
and Boris use a key.
Ah.
All three of us have the same body,
but I don't get the key.
Don't you get medication, Chuck?
No. The doctor doesn't
prescribe it anymore.
It doesn't stop
the multiple personalities.
It just relieves anxiety.
I'm not anxious.
I make other people anxious.
-Hi, Chuckie.
-Hi, sis.
You're over here early.
I'm looking at apartments.
The doctor says
I can get my own place,
but who can afford
three bedrooms?
Can I go upstairs
and see the dog?
Sure, go ahead.
Renee, we don't have a dog.
If he thinks we do,
who am I to stop him?
Maybe he sees things
we don't have the power to see.
I read that the mentally ill
are the chosen.
Who chooses them,
Shirley MacLaine?
We've got to have a talk.
-We have problems.
-(telephone rings)
-Marital problems.
-Excuse me, honey.
Hello. Yeah.
Hello, Mr. Schecter.
Oh, that is good news.
Great news.
I'm happy for you.
Congratulations.
Goodbye, Mr. Schecter.
Mr. Schecter peed.
He's 97.
We're both very relieved.
The catheter's no fun.
So, what do you think?
-It's thrilling to pee at 97.
-(doorbell rings)
What about our marriage?
I'm worried about us.
What do you mean?
We're great.
I don't think we're great.
Hi, Rose, Sophia.
Hi. Come sit down.
Sorry to barge in.
Is Mr. Fixit here?
-Chuck is here.
-Oh, darn.
Could he change into Mr. Fixit?
It's a mental illness,
not a masquerade party.
In Sicily, we had a guy
with multiple personalities.
One personality put out
a contract on the other.
He had a shootout with himself
in the Piazza.
He winged a priest
and shot down the Cinzano sign.
He beat himself senseless
before anyone else got hurt.
George, I rewired
your phone system.
You can call worldwide
free of charge.
You can use your television remote
to raise the windows
and flush the toilets.
I'll run over to the freeway,
see if any cars need help.
This guy knocks me out.
Chuck, could you finish
our dishwasher first?
I'm not Chuck. I'm Mr. Fixit.
No problem too big or too small.
This is better than vaudeville.
I'm all yours, ladies.
Lead me to the trouble.
There's nothing I can't fix,
except maybe this old noggin.
That could use rewiring.
Well, let's go.
Come on, we don't
want to lose him. Bye.
-I'd better get to the office.
-We're not done yet.
Couldn't it wait?
Well, no, it cannot wait.
George, the kids are gone.
And you're never here.
I have nothing to do anymore.
What do your friends do?
Shop, have lunch, some play
golf, some have affairs.
-Which ones are having affairs?
-Oh, I don't know.
Come on, I'll never tell.
The ones who are happy for no
apparent reason.
George.
My life is empty.
Why don't you get a job?
Well, you know,
I was thinking of that.
I could go back
to show business.
Renee, you were the legs
in the dancing cigarette box.
But he loved me.
I brought joy to people.
You sold cigarettes,
you brought cancer to people.
No matter what you think, George,
I'm going to try and get work
in the entertainment business.
But that's not all.
That's just my part.
You've got a part too.
You've got to be here more.
Well, you never
complained before.
The kids were here, I didn't notice.
But, George,
time is important now.
And with them gone, we're supposed
to be together in a new way.
I saw it on a coffee commercial,
I think taster's choice.
This couple,
we're supposed to be like that.
-Like what?
-Like this couple.
They're there,
just the two of them.
Sipping coffee together.
For as long as they have left.
Must be one hell
of a cup of coffee.
I'm in real trouble here,
George.
Our marriage is in real trouble.
(telephone rings)
Excuse me, honey.
Hello.
Yeah.
Describe the pain.
Huh-huh.
Okay, meet me in my office.
Yes, right now.
I gotta go.
-I gotta a sick person.
I'll see you later.
I love you.
I love you too.
A movie will cheer you up.
What are you seeing?
Nightmare on Elm Street IV.
Do you have to see
the other three first?
No, Rose, it stands alone.
Hi, everybody.
Jenny!
Why are you home from school?
-You're sick? You're pregnant.
-I quit.
Thank God.
You aren't mad?
I'm glad you're not pregnant.
Why did you quit?
When I got there,
I found my boyfriend practically
living with somebody else.
He'd replaced me.
With what?
A hand puppet, Rose.
Honey, I'm so sorry.
You shouldn't have gone
to Columbia university.
It's in New York City, for heaven's sake.
A subway runs right through it.
You want to go to college
where there are green lawns
and willow trees
and young men
in chinos and ties.
Professors with a touch of gray.
Wise, learned men,
who look up your skirt
if you're sitting in the first row.
Meetings with them,
so they can explain Plato.
They lean over your books,
and you can smell their pipe tobacco
and their maleness.
Then their arm accidentally
brushes against your bosoms.
The room is filled with
the heat of a taboo lust.
Where is this school?
Jenny, what happened?
He met a thin,
blonde Goddess.
One of those girls
who has everything,
looks, money, brains, a body,
and now, my boyfriend.
I've been in that position
more than once.
You've been in every position
My position?
Oh, goodness, no.
The Goddess position.
We have our problems too.
Especially when the Goddess
is twice her previous size.
Honey, I know what you're feeling.
Everyone's been rejected.
The loss of your first love
is the worst.
-I know. I remember mine.
-It was probably a cow.
How on earth did
you know that, Sophia?
Wild guess.
Mine was Larry Ragonetti.
Oh, how I loved him.
He was gorgeous.
He left me for Cookie Kelly.
She kissed with her mouth open.
Why didn't you kiss
with your mouth open?
I was 8.
So?
It's happened to us all,
and we've all survived.
Not me.
Oh, come on, Blanche.
You were never rejected?
Well, once. But just once.
By who?
Weight watchers, for being too thin.
-Come on, girls.
-Thanks for coming over.
-Bye, honey.
-Bye, sweetheart.
-Hello, ladies.
-Bye, George.
Hi, George.
Bye, George.
Hi, honey.
Sweetheart!
What are you doing home?
She's not sick or pregnant.
Is it thanksgiving already?
Dennis dumped me.
Sugar, I'm so sorry.
I wish I could say something
to make you feel better.
How about, I always hated him.
Oh, Daddy.
I know how much it hurts, darling.
I've been rejected many times.
So has your daddy.
I can't go back. I just can't.
Suppose I run into them?
-I'll die of embarrassment.
-No, you won't.
I'm a doctor.
I've never seen anyone
die of embarrassment.
I'll tell you what.
I'll go back and help
get you settled.
-Will you?
-Absolutely.
-Hi, everybody.
-Hi, Oliver.
You want to know
who I slept with?
-No, Oliver.
-The cabin crew of Lufthansa.
So I have to go back?
You're 18.
We're not going to force you.
We will, however, cut you off
and never talk to you.
So you strongly recommend...
-Yes.
-Okay.
I owe you a beer.
I'll see some friends
before going back tomorrow.
-Where you going?
-To school.
-Flying?
-Yeah.
You'd be safer hitching.
Oliver, don't start.
Test pilots know
what goes on up there.
I don't need to hear this.
Or what goes on in the cockpit.
Hey, come on!
-Goodbye, Oliver.
-Bye, Jen.
Poor kid.
Didn't we do the right thing?
-Absolutely.
-Really?
I don't know.
George, take a look at this.
This is a family discussion, Oliver.
Hey, that's nice.
I wish I had a family.
-I think it's skin cancer.
-It's not.
She has to go back.
But if she actually
dies of embarrassment,
I'll never forgive myself.
So, what is this thing?
A liver spot.
Oh, no.
Oh, God.
A liver spot?
It's benign, Oliver.
My father had liver spots.
He looked like a dalmatian.
So, what's this family
talk about, guys?
-It's private, Oliver.
-I see.
-Would you excuse us?
-Sure.
Get out of my house.
-Oh, you mean go?
-Yes!
Why didn't you say so?
See you, guys.
-You know--
-What's that?
-Oliver!
-I'm going.
-What?
-We were great with Jen.
-We were.
-We were a team.
I want to be a team.
What does that mean,
we should get uniforms?
George, we just did something
together, and it felt great.
We've got to do more of that
without the kids,
but you're never here.
What do you want?
Cut back on your practice.
Do I tell a guy in cardiac arrest,
"sorry, I'm meeting my wife"?
Do you know why I'm going
to New York with Jenny?
Not just to help her, to be
with someone who needs me.
Think about it.
Think about that.
I've got the second half of my life
to take care of,
and I don't want to do it alone.
Then Renee calls up
and says she got herself an agent.
Oh, nice.
Not nice, Oliver, she's been in
New York, six days.
Now, she's got an agent who says
she's perfect for commercials.
Who knows what
she's gonna do.
Wouldn't it be funny
if she never came back.
(mouths)
This house is so
empty without her.
-I'm lonely.
-That's why I never got married.
I didn't want to be lonely.
And I didn't want somebody else
driving my car.
You out of Perrier, George.
This is probably what Renee was
talking about.
-She was lonely.
-You're out of beer too.
And peanut butter.
Hell, George, you better get her
back, I'm gonna starve to death.
(knock at door)
Oh, Dorothy!
-What a nice surprise.
-For you, maybe.
George, let's talk.
Do I detect a note of hostility?
A note? How about a symphony?
We thought you might join us
for dinner.
I get the feeling you're mad.
Why is that?
How about stopping by new year's eve
with three naked women,
vomiting in the pool,
passing out in the punch bowl,
and relieving yourself
in the linen closet?
That was six months ago.
George, what do you say?
We'd really love having you.
Maybe some other time.
What about forgive and forget, dot?
I am not dot.
Goodbye, George.
Bye, dot.
-Where are you going?
-New York.
Great. Let's do it.
You're not invited.
I'm going alone.
Yeah, but we could...
Hi, ma.
Hey, how would you like to have...
Come on, Ma.
That was three, four months ago.
(knock on door)
Coming.
Thank God you're here.
I was a wreck.
Sitting there, night after night,
just lonely as hell,
then I thought, what if I lose her?
What would I do without her?
I want her here with me,
and I want to be there
with her too.
So here I am.
There will be changes made.
I love you...
What are you doing opening a door
here without saying, "who's there?"
I wasn't going to stay here.
I missed you. I couldn't stand it,
and I've been going too fast
for you.
You can't change overnight.
I'd like to try.
Here's step one,
I drew a sketch on the plane.
I've decided to make
an office in the house
and move my practice there.
-No.
-Yeah.
I got Maslansky
to take part of my patient load.
In fact, he's taking it all
for the next three days,
while we're here
on our second honeymoon.
George, I love you.
I love you too.
But, honey, this isn't
our second honeymoon.
It's our third?
We never had one.
Of course we had one--
You were an intern.
I don't call two hours
in an empty hospital bed
next to a man in a coma
a honeymoon.
He wasn't in a coma.
I'll make it up
to you right now.
How?
Oh, George,
what a great three days.
This has been
a wonderful honeymoon.
It should be,
you've waited long enough.
You think
we'll stay like this always?
I think eventually
we'll have to go to the bathroom.
-And you'll love me always?
-Always.
I won't always look like this,
you know.
You don't look like
you did 10 years ago,
but that hasn't mattered.
Promise me you'll never get
your teeth bonded
and run around
with stewardesses.
I promise.
You swear?
I swear.
I love you.
I love you too, sweetheart.
-George.
-Hmm?
Promise me one more thing.
What?
Promise me you'll never die.
(theme music playing)